update agentless docs to use 'teleport join openssh' (#26925)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/server-access/guides/openssh.mdx

- [Advanced session recording](bpf-session-recording.mdx)
- [Restricting outbound network connections in SSH sessions](restricted-session.mdx)

> Teleport supports OpenSSH by proxying SSH connections through the Proxy Service.
> When a Teleport user requests to connect to an OpenSSH node, RBAC is checked  by the Proxy Service.
> If the RBAC checks succeed, the Proxy Service authenticates to the OpenSSH node with a dynamically
> generated certificate signed by a Teleport CA. This allows the Proxy Service to record and audit
> connections to OpenSSH nodes. This prevents Teleport users from bypassing auditing by requiring
> a certificate signed by a Teleport CA only the Auth Service possesses.
> 
> Teleport nodes preform RBAC checks, audit and record sessions and more on the node's host,
> which drops the need for connection termination when recording SSH sessions and allows for
> other advanced features to be utilized as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport supports OpenSSH by proxying SSH connections through the Proxy Service. When a Teleport user requests to connect to an OpenSSH node, the Proxy Service checks the user's Teleport roles. 

If the RBAC checks succeed, the Proxy Service authenticates to the OpenSSH node with a dynamically generated certificate signed by a Teleport CA. This allows the
Proxy Service to record and audit connections to OpenSSH nodes. 

The Proxy Service prevents Teleport users from bypassing auditing by requiring
a certificate signed by a Teleport CA that only the Auth Service possesses.

In this setup, the Teleport SSH Service performs RBAC checks as well as audits and records sessions on its host, which eliminates the need for connection termination when recording SSH sessions.
```

Made some suggestions to tighten this up a bit and make it more readable, e.g., by breaking this up into shorter paragraphs.

  Teleport Proxy Service host.
- (!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

## Step 1/3. Configure `sshd`

Teleport only allows access to resources in your infrastructure via Teleport
processes that that have joined the cluster.

> On the machine the cluster's Proxy is running on, use the `tctl` tool to generate a new token. In the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the machine the cluster's Proxy Service is running on, use the `tctl` tool to generate a new token. In the
```

Author: Done

following example, a new token is created with a TTL of five minutes:

```code
$ tctl tokens add --ttl=5m --type=node --format=text
(=presets.tokens.first=)
```

> Copy the `teleport` binary to your `sshd` host. Configure `sshd` and create a node

Reviewer: The introductory section of this page implies that the OpenSSH approach is an alternative to `teleport`:

> Using Teleport and OpenSSH has the advantage of getting you up and running, but in the long run, we would recommend replacing `sshd` with `teleport`. `teleport` SSH servers have support for multiple features that are incompatible with OpenSSH:

However, if we're copying the `teleport` binary to the `sshd` host, what's the alternative presented by this approach? 

I think it would be good to describe in the introduction of this page:
- How OpenSSH support works
- How this is an alternative to the "regular" way of enrolling an SSH server with Teleport

resource on your cluster with the command:

```code

> $ teleport join openssh --address <NODE-ADDRESS> --proxy-server <PROXY-ADDRESS> --join-method token --token <TOKEN>

Reviewer: I think we should use the `Var` component instead of placeholder text so this is easier to copy/paste.

Also, what parts should the `NODE-ADDRESS` and `PROXY-ADDRESS` include? Scheme, host, and port?

  Teleport Proxy Service host.
- (!docs/pages/includes/tctl.mdx!)

## Step 1/3. Configure `sshd`

Teleport only allows access to resources in your infrastructure via Teleport
processes that that have joined the cluster.

On the machine the cluster's Proxy is running on, use the `tctl` tool to generate a new token. In the
following example, a new token is created with a TTL of five minutes:

```code

> $ tctl tokens add --ttl=5m --type=node 

Reviewer 2: Can you use `--format=text` here? Then it should print _only_ the token (verify this) and won't output that "teleport start" hint message that can be pretty confusing considering users won't need to actually run "teleport start".

Author: Done
